a greeting to all friends
androidworld.it we are still in London
this honor event is called more band
although in reality the name is not yet
definitive the name of this slash band
bar clock the name will indeed give it
the community will give it directly to the
site among other things the winning name la
person who will choose the winning name
will also have free honor products for
we would always say for i
next five years and will also go into
China to celebrate this event will be
available by the end of the year
also in Italy in white or black colors
beige at the price of 79 euros as you see
there is not a scanner of a carrier of
heartbeat
there is then there are some apps that are
more than app are actually the
settings
then we have the pedometer software
calories to track sleep
burned and the steps made in reality
the first was not so much the steps as it was
it was rather physical activity
make it start with a tap
unfortunately it is disconnecting from the
phone to which it is connected because you press
it's not nearby we have no idea
which phone is connected to
nearby I was trying to see if
there was some other kind of gesture
but here she is, maybe I did it
no ok there must be a way unfortunately
we don't know that they do n't have us
informed but to change the voice face
you have seen an alternative anyway
this is currently 79 euros I get
before the end of the year
for now it is called honor more band il
name the honor fans will decide on
social network for this rapid
preview of this honor band is everything
a greeting from but it's not cisotti from london
we are in Berlin this is the band the most
band d honneur we still use berlin not
we are still in Berlin, little brother
maximum bellino night and me
we are not in Berlin